h1. WPKG package configuration files.

A lot of it is inspired by (and copied from) the "WPKG wiki":http://wpkg.org so much gratitude is owed.

The following criteria must be fulfilled before the recipe is included here:

* 32-bit and 64-bit safe
* Uses "msiexec /x package_file.msi" for uninstallations whenever possible to avoid knowing CLSIDs that change

NOTICE: We are slowly migrating to WPKG 1.3 as it contains a number of features (and bug fixes) that make our lives so much easier. Specifically:
* Nested variables work
* Chaining commands

h2. Branches

All development takes place in 'master' - for production use please use the 'prod' branch.

h2. To do
# Convert all recipes to WPKG 1.2 (use 'os' and 'architecture' specifically)
# Use regexps for 'uninstall' matching

h2. Notes

h3. Regular expressions

WPKG supports regular expressions however various parts do it differently. 

## <host> use + for matching multiple characters
## <check> use * for matching multiple characters

h3. Versions
# If there are multiple references to the current version (file name, uninstall check, etc), then it should be included as a variable named 'version'
# All revisions should be written out WITH dots. Examples:
## 4.65
## 9.2.0.61
# All revision should have an additional identifier, this gives us 10 tries to get a new version right and allow overriding the central version. Examples:
## 4.65-0
## 9.2.0.61-3
# The additional revision identifier should be incremented when needed and reset to 0 when a new version is added
# Priorities are set as follows
## 10 - most normal applications
## 50 - system applications (IE8 and others)
## 100 - critical install first apps (Windows Installer 4.5)
# Rebooting - all should have their reboot priority set to "false" and only reboot (postponed) in case of 3010 or similar return codes and ONLY if absolutely needed
# Ensure that the following variables are defined in your WPKG settings.xml file
## *NOTE* more will be added for other installers such as InstallShield, InnoSetup, etc
## MSI      - set to "/quiet /norestart" (without quotes)
## MSP      - set to "REINSTALL=ALL REINSTALLMODE=omus" (without quotes)
## SOFTWARE - set to root of the application store without trailing backslash
## WPKG     - set to root of server WPKG installation without trailing backslash

